# HIVEHOME // 09.22.3014
The team has split off from the Hivehome refugee convoy, choosing to make their own way to Evergreen. **DTHALL** expressed her disappointment at the team's departure, but wished them luck and gave them what supplies the team could spare and promised military aid when the time came.



# HERCYNIA, UNKNOWN LOCATION // 11.04.3014
After several weeks of evading Machine patrols and laying low, the team has begun to hear disturbing news of Evergreen through scattered radio transmissions and remnants of the militia they come across.

There is an unknown disturbance at the **GORVERNOR'S FARM**, scouts saw an NHP casket being brought into the facility. There are also reports of anomalous energy readings coming from the facility.

**BRAVA** has been captured, along with the **CRT**, and both are being held in a prison camp inside the settlement.

**BEGGAR ONE** has reactivated an orbital strike platform, used to obliterate the Hercynian city of **DAYLIGHT**, and it is unknown when it will be ready to fire again. The only way to disable it would be to acquire a ship, but the **CONTINGENCY WHITE** is still parked outside Evergreen.

# HERCYNIA, ORBIT // 11.10.3014
The 382nd has joined with **CONTINGENCY WHITE** to use their corvette to board Beggar One's orbital strike platform, **CASSANDER**, after wresting control of the spacecraft from terrified locals. The **CRT** has been dropped onto a Landmark Colonial platform on Hercynia's moon, **QUIET NIGHT**, and the 382nd has been left in control of the corvette.

Fending off the exterior defenders of the **CASSANDER**, they have learned there's no way to dock the corvette without getting blasted out of the sky. Slowly, they approach with their frames' maneuvering thrusters towards an uncertain fate...